The beautiful thing about the Navy is we get, we get, we don't get paid
way, don't get paid by the hour. We get paid a salary, which means
that we're always on the clock. Things are always happening. Life happens.
Um, and so we work. Depends if you're underway. You have seven
day work days with maybe an opportunity for, ah break on Sunday,
or maybe a separate day when missions are not happening. Um, to when
you're back from deployment, when you have an opportunity to thio,
recharge your batteries and to spend time with family and to get an
opportunity to, um, maybe have half days where you can take care of
things that need to be done either personally or professionally.